Remove most instances of "Please" (#1076)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/self-managed/install-elasticsearch-with-rpm.md

The RPM package for {{es}} can be [downloaded from our website](#install-rpm) or from our  [RPM repository](#rpm-repo). It can be used to install {{es}} on any RPM-based system such as OpenSuSE, SLES, Centos, Red Hat, and Oracle Enterprise.

::::{note}

> RPM install is not supported on distributions with old versions of RPM, such as SLES 11 and CentOS 5. See [Install {{es}} from archive on Linux or MacOS](install-elasticsearch-from-archive-on-linux-macos.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPM install is not supported on distributions with old versions of RPM, such as SLES 11 and CentOS 5. Refer to [Install {{es}} from archive on Linux or MacOS](install-elasticsearch-from-archive-on-linux-macos.md) instead.
```
